README.md, before:

# Poisson disk Sampling based algorithm to generate DEM models

The algorithm is able to generate DEM models which feature similarly with real soil in terms of
the particle size distribution and the void ratio.

## Poisson Disk Sampling algorithm

The process of point creation in this section is similar to the method proposed by Bridson (2007).
Robert Bridson. 2007. “Fast Poisson Disk Sampling in Arbitrary Dimensions”, ACM SIGGRAPH 2007 sketches, Pages 22-es

## Voids infilling by Grid Sampling

## 2D model visualization

P5.js is introduced to realize DEM model visualization

## Yade deposition model

Yade DEM simulation code: https://yade-dem.org/doc/

## 2D model generated by the algorithm and the deposited model

2D particle packing generated by the algorithm
!["icon"](https://github.com/HaopengSun/Poisson-disk-sampling-based-algorithm/blob/master/algorithm/2d-model.png)

2D deposition result simulated by Yade
![:icon](https://github.com/HaopengSun/Poisson-disk-sampling-based-algorithm/blob/master/algorithm/Yade-deposition.jpg)

## copyright

The algorithm copyright belongs to Concordia University.

I, Haopeng, would like to acknowledge the financial support from my supervisor, Dr Attila Michael Zsaki,
through the GCS FRS funds and from a Concordia SEED Individual research grant held by my supervisor to help
me successfully complete the research work.

Commit message:

add input parameter in the readme file

README.md, after:

# Poisson disk Sampling based algorithm to generate DEM models

The algorithm is able to generate DEM models which feature similarly with real soil in terms of
the particle size distribution and the void ratio.

## Poisson Disk Sampling algorithm

The process of point creation in this section is similar to the method proposed by Bridson (2007).
Robert Bridson. 2007. “Fast Poisson Disk Sampling in Arbitrary Dimensions”, ACM SIGGRAPH 2007 sketches, Pages 22-es

## Voids infilling by Grid Sampling

## users can input parameters in the terminal to run the algorithm
run 2D-algorithm.py and input parameters based on instructions

## 2D model visualization

P5.js is introduced to realize DEM model visualization

## Yade deposition model

Yade DEM simulation code: https://yade-dem.org/doc/

## 2D model generated by the algorithm and the deposited model

2D particle packing generated by the algorithm
!["icon"](https://github.com/HaopengSun/Poisson-disk-sampling-based-algorithm/blob/master/algorithm/2d-model.png)

2D deposition result simulated by Yade
![:icon](https://github.com/HaopengSun/Poisson-disk-sampling-based-algorithm/blob/master/algorithm/Yade-deposition.jpg)

## copyright

The algorithm copyright belongs to Concordia University.

I, Haopeng, would like to acknowledge the financial support from my supervisor, Dr Attila Michael Zsaki,
through the GCS FRS funds and from a Concordia SEED Individual research grant held by my supervisor to help
me successfully complete the research work.
